h1. Outline

*Background
** A trip down memory lane in Storebrand: How did we get started?
***weee
****wooo
** How we learned to love web-testing, and
**How we learned to hate it.
* Web-testing practices
** Testing the web and nothing but the web
** Black-box testing
** Acceptance/system testing
** Integration testing
** How to fit web-tests into the rest of your test-model
** How web-tests can give you good URLs and HTML design
** Running web-tests on the Continous Integration server
** Getting your users to help out: delivering bug reports with test-scripts
** Test fixtures
* Advanced web-testing
** Acceptence web-testing combining FitNesse and Selenium
** Behaviour-Driven Development with web tests (Selenium combined with the RPsec Story Framework)
** Web tests from a test strategy perspective
** How to scale (with Selenium Grid)
* Pitfalls
** Too many tests
** Too slow tests
** The tests break all the time!
** Some refactoring breaks all the tests
** Using web-tests for everything
** How to combine system testing with manual testing
** Capturing system requirements in web tests
* QA

h1. Required experience:

No particular experience is strictly required, but having tried out some web- testing tool could be an advantage.

h1. Expected audience:

* Web developers
* QA/testers
* People interested in testing in general

h1. By attending this presentation, participants will learn...

* How to get started with web-testing
* How to keep doing it successfully
* How to use web-tests as part of an agile project
